as men's tennis head coach Bobby Bayless
final year on the Notre Dame courts
comes to a close the 26-year veteran
othr accomplishment to his story career
the Hall of Fame pretty excited a a
little bit unexpected I wasn't as aware
of everything until I actually saw that
I was on the ballot I didn't realize
that I would be up for that this year
but as they say the players have to stay
up for 10 years before they're eligible
and for the coaches it's 10 minutes i
think i'm not sure but they allow they
allow that the minute you're you're not
going to be coaching anymore you're
eligible for that so i was very
pleasantly surprised valence will be a
part of the 2013 ITA men's collegiate
tennis hall of fame enshrinement and one
of the most rewarding parts of it all
could be the support Bayless has
received from fans friends and former
players a lot of people that i didn't
know would know about it a whole lot of
other coaches a number of former players
a lot of Facebook activity and I'm
pretty new to Facebook I'm a rookie so
I'm still learning
learning the ropes there but that's been
very rewarding just hearing from people
that I hadn't talked to in a long time
and and so that's been maybe the biggest
the best thing about it so far and when
Davis makes his induction speech on that
special day may 22nd in champaign
illinois he plans to keep it short and
sweet haven't really given that a whole
lot of thought yet I've asked Dave fish
at Harvard to introduce me we have to
have somebody do that and he and I have
competed against each other as coaches
and for a long time and back to my Navy
days and I've told him just to keep it
short I I haven't really gotten there I
don't know how to answer that question